== README

= Welcome to Relove Me!

Relove Me is a online community where you can advertise your garage sale for free and also find garage sales around you or anywhere in Australia!

Key features include:
- Tell everyone when and where your sale will take place
- If you would like, list the items you will have on sale to reach out to further interested customers
- When searching, view a map that will tell you how to get there


==== Concept

The initial idea was to create an online community for people who wanted to either post their own garage sale or just search for a garage sale they may want to check out themselves. This needed three models in the database, Item, Sale and User. The relationships being....

User - has_many :sales, has_many :items, :through => :sales

Item - belongs_to :sale

Sale - has_many :items, belongs_to :user

 create_table "items", force: true do |t|
    t.string   "title"
    t.string   "condition"
    t.text     "description"
    t.text     "image"
    t.integer  "price_range"
    t.datetime "created_at"
    t.datetime "updated_at"
    t.integer  "sale_id"
  end

  create_table "sales", force: true do |t|
    t.time     "start_time"
    t.time     "finish_time"
    t.date     "date"
    t.integer  "price_range"
    t.datetime "created_at"
    t.datetime "updated_at"
    t.integer  "street_number"
    t.string   "street_name"
    t.string   "suburb"
    t.string   "state"
    t.integer  "post_code"
    t.integer  "phone_number"
    t.string   "address"
    t.float    "latitude"
    t.float    "longitude"
    t.integer  "user_id"
  end

  create_table "users", force: true do |t|
    t.string   "first_name"
    t.string   "last_name"
    t.string   "email_address"
    t.datetime "created_at"
    t.datetime "updated_at"
    t.string   "password_digest"
    t.text     "address"
    t.float    "latitude"
    t.float    "longitude"
  end


The problem being solved is allowing sellers to reach out to people online rather than posters around surrounding suburbs or lost in an all classifieds site such as gumtree. This is a direct connection to garage sales so it is easier to pinpoint what the user is after.

I am using the Geocoder API for the search function and the Bcrypt gem for user signup/login.
  
The framework is a simple CRUD system that allows the user to create a sale and an item list, update their listed sales and items and also remove a sale that has passed and any items they wish to delete from the list.


Links related to the project:

https://www.draw.io/#Dproject_one.xml

http://frozen-springs-5700.herokuapp.com/


==== Wishlist

- Share sales on Facebook and Twitter
- When searching a suburb, also display a list of sales in surrounding suburbs
- Weather API
- Checklist function for the user who is organising a garage sale (a to-do list)
- Create a custom 404 error page
- Make it responsive
- STYLING
